add more documentation about how tests work (#14804)
arangodb/arangodb: tests/README.md

# Tests

> When creating tests, please bear in mind, that every test added will add additional time during the PR-Runs.
> 
> So every test added *will* slow down PRs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating tests, please bear in mind, that every test added will add additional time during the PR runs.

So every added test *will* slow down PR runs.
```

> Please also note that tests in the CI share a system with other runs in parallel. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please also note that test runs in the CI share the system with other runs in parallel. 
```

> So CI tests are not a place to max out I/O, Memory, or such.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So CI tests are not a place to max out I/O, memory, or such.
```

So please use *BULK* inserts to slimline the creation of your test data.
If you can use a common dataset for several tests, please use `setUpAll` and `tearDownAll` to reduce resource usage.

> If splitting a testsuite between read only and writing tests is neccessary for this, please do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If splitting a testsuite between read only and writing tests is necessary for this, please do so.
```

### Testsuites

> Testsuites live in `js/client/modules/@arangodb/testsuites/`. This folder is spidered during the startup of `testing.js` and loads the files as plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testsuites live in `js/client/modules/@arangodb/testsuites/`. This folder is spidered during the startup of `testing.js` and all files in it are loaded automatically.
```

> Please think twice, whether you need to create a new testsuite, or your test will fit into one of the existing ones. Suites need to be registered within Oskar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please think twice whether you need to create a new testsuite or your test will fit into one of the existing ones. All test suites need to be registered within Oskar in order to be executed during CI tests.
```

> The Plugin structure works as follows: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The structure of each testsuite is as follows: 
```

  // - preStop - just before the stop to do things that would hinder the shutdown
  // - postStop - after the stop to clean up things.

  // pass up eventual errors that should prohibit flushing the SUT data
  options.cleanup = options.cleanup && opts.cleanup;
  return rc;
}

// plugin hook. This is executed during loading of the modules.
exports.setup = function (testFns, defaultFns, opts, fnDocs, optionsDoc, allTestPaths) {
  // add all used testpaths, so i.e. `auto` or `find` can find the suite for single `--test` files
  Object.assign(allTestPaths, testPaths);
  // Register the testsuite itself
  testFns['shell_server'] = shellServer;
  // enable it to be ran with `./scripts/unittest all` ; if not ommit - adds the [x] in help the list.
  defaultFns.push('shell_server');
  // if your testsuite has CLI parameters, specify them including the default param here:
  opts['skipAql'] = false;

  // 
  for (var attrname in functionsDocumentation) { fnDocs[attrname] = functionsDocumentation[attrname]; }
  for (var i = 0; i < optionsDocumentation.length; i++) { optionsDoc.push(optionsDocumentation[i]); }
};
```

> ### existing Javascript tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Existing Javascript tests
```

#### [permission] => tests/js/client/permissions / [server_parameters] => tests/js/client/server_parameters / [server_permissions] => client/server_permissions

> This set of testsuites is here to revalidate startup parameters of arangodb processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This set of testsuites is here to revalidate startup parameters of arangod processes.
```

```
if (getOptions === true) {
  return {
    'javascript.allow-port-testing': false
  };
}
```
The later part of the test may contain regular jsunity testsuites. 

If you want to revalidate a parameter that is common to arangosh & arangod, you *should* use a test in the `permission` testsuite, 
since spawning an arangosh requires way less resources than spawning a full arangodb setup.

If your testcase requires a setup with more permissions than the testcode itself, you should use `server_permissions`, since it will launch the SUT twice.

You should however *prefer* `server_parameters` which will launch the SUT only once with the parameters you've provided. 

You should try to use the `-[non]cluster` filename filters to also control whether your test is ran on cluster too to reduce computing power.

#### [dump*] to test dump and restore procedures
The dump family of testsuites lives in `js/client/modules/@arangodb/testsuites/dump.js`
and orchestrates a sequence:
- launching a SUT
- create test data within it
- dump this test data
- execute some manual sanity checks on the dump files
- restore it to a fresh SUT
- check data

> Since many create & check functions should be common to *all* suites, the default behavior is to enable them, and only blacklist them out if unsupported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since many create & check functions should be common to *all* suites, the default behavior is to enable them, and only exclude them if unsupported.
```

The individual files to be used are controlled by code in the testsuite like this:

```
  let tstFiles = {
    dumpSetup: 'dump-setup' + c.cluster + '.js',
    dumpCheckDumpFiles: 'dump-check-dump-files-encrypted.js',
    dumpCleanup: 'cleanup-nothing.js',
    dumpAgain: 'dump' + c.cluster + '.js',
    dumpTearDown: 'dump-teardown' + c.cluster + '.js',
    foxxTest: 'check-foxx.js'
  };
```

So `tests/js/server/dump/dump-setup[-cluster].js` will be invoked during setting up the first SUT.
It derives all its functions from `dump-setup-common.inc` and only invokes them in sequence.

Revalidating will be done using `dump[-cluster].js`, which will obtain all its test functions from `dump-test.inc`.

Testdata to be used during the first create etc can be put into `tests/js/server/dump`.

#### [communication, chaos] testsuite to launch parallel load

> These testsuites are intended to launch several arangosh, in order to generate 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These testsuites are intended to launch several arangosh instances, in order to generate concurrent requests.
```
